welcome to this tutorial because
they were nintendods on at home
simply using the wifi is a
mac computer in this case if not if
you are a Windows or Linux user
uncontrolled
the other two videos I made
respectively for linux and windows su
sx ie they have created this script that
It named riley mycomm there that
automatically between twenty or thirty
mac address for allowing you to
been passes then you download from kitab
I'll put the link to download it in
comments
and you can download it in two ways
desktop cloning or downloads is well
different
once you have downloaded it already
downloaded here on the desktop unzip
the archive and unpacking the archive
you have the license and rhythms and rhythms ce
he explained how it works as you can
easily read online also
New Thing Needful
the installation for o sx 10 8 and 10 9 in
In this case I will install 10 9
mavericks and you can move and script
wherever you want in the computer and
simplicity I will move it to the folder
with once done that we say
that is, it configures only one step to do
so before starting I put it
in the folder with why the terminal
automatically as a default sign
he takes the home folder so he had
made a ch mod
d
once made the Czech way she my mom
It is ready to be used as missing
configure the wifi connection for
do it you need another
connection that is or via ethernet cable
or via USB via a stylus
or tips or tethering with
phone because the network card ie
the wireless card will be used as
router to practically connect the
nintendo ds so let's go to preferences
system sharing on his
internet sharing will appear this
screen and you will have to share it
connection from here you can choose from
where to share it
if from a telephone if from an ethernet cable
if you know better about bluetooth than a
you and then computers that use wifi
then it will share the connection
ethernet
in my case to the network card
wireless so I can connect
with nintendo
once you have configured this
go on wifi options
make sure you put it as the name
a tt wifi channel number 11 safely
no channel you can actually do
put what it's worth once it's done ok
click on the check check box here
notice that we are safe to leave e
will change the wifi icon in this and with
china with a little arrow up
how do you make internet sharing
activates the name of the network the channel e
we're OK
ok so we are for effects with the network
now back to our terminal e
we can start you but to do it
enough that in summer lele but with dot
force flash her but and later
you can either leave it like this and do one
fast version then choose
only five mac addresses
defaults
if instead you want to make a random choice
among all the three available addresses
you must enter full once entered
full and what or if you don't want
to do it was simply lehmann press
enter enter the password of
administrator
once the password is entered
the script will go on and do five
steps from ninety seconds with
Mac addresses chosen at random from me
forgotten before starting the
process but not exactly necessary
water lete teleintendo 3ds or two of them
al to your at your tt wifi network
so you will immediately put all the streets
usually pass with a simple with a
full you can fill all ten
streetpass slots at once depending
since there are so many pisons, many apologize
mac dancers are around 30 to 20 if you do
in one day you will be able to
collect about 40 40 street pass
more or less then once you have
we say them out streetpass
since they are newspapers and daily
you have to wait for the next day
to be able to repeat the process
and if you want to abort the process against
c and the terminal will return to another
so if you want to put it from another
part the script or you are not practical
of the terminal or scares me you can
just go where you have it
script and drag it to the desktop down
in the desktop in the terminal and make it go
then if you want to add it was less not
import standard mode activated e
start cycling ta ta ta ta until
you have not finished here in this way you can
avoid writing everything by hand or the
most human things too
looking for bikes works great if you do it
so then this is everything for this video
I hope we can help
receive streetpass and in case you live
inhabited in a non-metropolitan area in
which is difficult to meet other people
with the street pass and in the comments
you will find the link to download it and to
end of video links to others
two videos to do the same
process on linux and on windows thanks e
have fun